Migrate Autofac DI -> Native DI in Asp.Net Core (#701)
ardalis/CleanArchitecture: src/Clean.Architecture.Infrastructure/README.md

Infrastructure classes implement interfaces found in the Core (Use Cases) project(s).

> These implementations are wired up at startup using DI. In this case using .NET Core Native DI and the Module classes defined in each project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These implementations are wired up at startup using DI. In this case using `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` and extension methods defined in each project.
```
